Testing Nickel snippets in the manual (#1611)
tweag/nickel: doc/manual/contracts.md

let x = (1 + 1 | Number) in x
```

> Contracts can also be attached to identifiers in a definition. In let bindings,
> the following is equivalent to the previous example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contracts can also be attached to identifiers in a let binding.
The following is equivalent to the previous example:
```

`"foo"`, in which case the contract succeeds. Otherwise, the contract fails with
appropriate error messages. Let us try:

```nickel-repl

> nickel> 1 | IsFoo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 1 | IsFoo
```

Let us see if we indeed preserved laziness:

```nickel-repl
> let config | NumberBoolDict = {
    "1" | std.FailWith "ooch" = null, # same as our previous "fail"
    "0" | doc "Some information" = true,
  }

> # Don't parse this in tests hide-line

Reviewer 2: What's the purpose of this comment, and where is it handled? I think I missed it somehow... Does it appear in the final manual? Also, I hope we can get rid of it eventually - starting an REPL engine using `ReplImpl` to actually test the output of the REPL examples should be doable.

Author: It's a bit convoluted. The code parsing out REPL inputs expects to find a `>` directly following an empty line, so it will skip this particular input because of the comment. The `hide-line` is for gatsby to not display the comment on the website.

Reviewer 2: Ah. I would have suggested to add a comment to explain that, but...that's probably a bad idea :stuck_out_tongue: is the `hide-line` a vanilla Gatsby feature or something we filter out specifically in nickel-lang.org ?

Author: The `hide-line` is a feature of the [`gatsby-remark-prismjs` plugin](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/blob/master/packages/gatsby-remark-prismjs/README.md#line-hiding).
